feat: add `redirectHandler` option (#176)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

| `encodeAuthorizerContext`     |`encode_authorizer_context` | When set to `true` for Lambda authorizers, the tracing context will be encoded into the response for propagation. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`. |
| `decodeAuthorizerContext`     |`decode_authorizer_context` | When set to `true` for Lambdas that are authorized via Lambda authorizers, it will parse and use the encoded tracing context (if found). Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `true`.                         |
| `apmFlushDeadline` | Used to determine when to submit spans before a timeout occurs, in milliseconds. When the remaining time in an AWS Lambda invocation is less than the value set, the tracer attempts to submit the current active spans and all finished spans. Supported for NodeJS and Python. Defaults to `100` milliseconds. |

> | `redirectHandler` | `redirect_handler` | When set to `false`, skip redirecting handler to Datadog's Lambda Libraries'. Useful when only instrumenting with Datadog Lambda Extension. Defaults to `true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `redirectHandler` | `redirect_handler` | When set to `false`, skip redirecting handler to the Datadog Lambda Library's handler. Useful when only instrumenting with Datadog Lambda Extension. Defaults to `true`. |
```
